Month-to-Month Term and Renewal: This Rental Agreement for the lease of a self-service storage space (the “Storage Space”) from <Owner.Name>, (the “Owner”) d.b.a. <Facility.Name> (the “Facility”), by and through Owner’s Managing Agent Advantage Self Storage Management, LLC shall be on a month-to-month basis and shall automatically renew for successive one month periods on the First Day of each month hereafter unless terminated, as provided for in Provisions 5, 21, or 22.  Owner may increase Rent or other fees and charges for the Storage Space with Thirty (30) days advance notice to Occupant.  A One (1) full calendar month minimum rental is required. Rent is non-refundable.   
2.	Rent is Due on the First Day of Each Month: Monthly Rent, plus tax, in the amount stated above in the Terms and Conditions and Additional Rent defined as, including but not exclusively, Default charges, clean up charges, disposal, damages to the Storage Space or Facility, and other unpaid fees or charges (collectively “Rent”), shall be payable monthly to Owner in advance, without demand or notice, on the First Day of each month during the Term of this Rental Agreement and any extensions or renewals. If this Rental Agreement is executed on a date other than the First Day of the month, then Occupant has paid prorated Rent for the balance of the month and if executed after the 25th of the month Occupant has also paid one full month of Rent in advance (“Initial Term”). The first renewal of this Rental Agreement is the date stated in the Terms and Conditions section as “Next Payment Due 1st of.”   If this is not completed in the Terms and Conditions, then it will appear on the Occupant’s receipt.  All renewals and extensions, along with the Initial Term are collectively the “Term”.  Occupant agrees to pay Rent: in person at the Facility Office Address; via mail to the Office Address; via Owner’s payment slot at the Facility “Drop Slot”, if available; via automatic withdrawal from a checking or savings account, if authorized above in Terms and Conditions “G” “ACH”; or with a credit/debit card which may be used the following ways: in person at the Office Address; via Owner’s attended call in number “Call Center”; by Owner’s secure “Website” at www.______________.com; or by advance written authorization described in Summary Term “G”.  Occupant shall not mail Rent in the form of cash to the Facility Address or place cash in the Drop Slot.  Occupant shall also not place any change of address in any Drop Slot.  It is expressly agreed that Owner does not send monthly invoices.  Occupant shall not fail to pay Rent because Occupant does not receive an invoice. All payments received will be applied first to fees and charges due and owing, then to any Additional Rent, then to the oldest outstanding Rent obligation. Any Rent payment made by the Website or Call Center, must be in the full amount due at the time of payment.  If less than full payment is made on the Website or via the Call Center, said payment shall be deemed automatically refused and any sums submitted shall be returned to Occupant at Occupant’s last known address, even if Occupant obtains a receipt from the Website or Call Center.  Notice:  access to pay by Owner’s Website and Call Center are disabled once Occupant is Thirty (30) days late.  No personal checks will be accepted once Occupant’s lock is cut for inventory.  Owner shall also require payments of Rent to be in the form of cash, money order, MoneyGram, cash, or cashier’s check in the event Occupant has any payment due Owner returned for any reason, including insufficient funds, or credit/debit card charge back.  If Occupant has Two (2) checks returned to Owner for any reason, Owner shall not accept checks from Occupant.  All delinquencies once Occupant’s lock is cut, must be cured by money order, MoneyGram, cash, or cashier’s check and no payments of any kind can be made within Seventy-Two (72) hours of a lien sale unless said payment is made directly in hand, to the Owner’s Representative, at the Facility Office Address, by money order, MoneyGram, cash, or cashier’s check. 
3.	Credit/Debit Card/ACH Authorization for Payment of Rent and Other Charges:  Occupant has authorized Owner to automatically charge the credit/debit card listed in Terms and Conditions “G” (which is owned by the Occupant or upon which Occupant has authority to charge) or alternatively Occupant has authorized payment by Automated Check Clearing “ACH” from the account listed in Terms and Conditions “H” on the First Day of the month, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, in the amount stated as Rent and Additional Rent for each month Occupant continues to occupy the Storage Space.  This authorization shall continue and include any increases in Rent and other charges assessed to the Occupant. In any circumstance, in the event Occupant terminates this authorization or the Rental Agreement owing any Rent, or other charges due to Owner, Owner may charge the credit/debit card listed or may ACH Occupant’s bank account, any sum due and owing upon termination. The authorization to charge Rent or other charges to the credit/debit card shall survive if any sums are due and owing at the time of the termination of the charge authorization or the termination of the Rental Agreement. No credit/debit card payments are not accepted under any circumstance once Occupant‘s lock is cut.  It is Occupant’s responsibility to notify Owner of any new or updated account information or credit/debit card information changes (including updating an expiration date on a credit/debit card.) Occupant shall be charged late fees and other Default charges if the credit/debit card payment or the ACH is not approved by Occupant’s bank/credit/debit card provider.
4.	Administration Fee:  Contemporaneously with the execution of the Rental Agreement Occupant has paid to Owner a non-refundable Administration Fee in the amount listed in the Terms and Conditions section of the Rental Agreement above.  The Administration Fee is intended to defray some of the initial set-up, preparation costs and other expenses incurred in entering into a new Rental Agreement.  This Administration Fee is non-refundable under any circumstances.
5.	Termination.  Occupant may terminate this Rental Agreement at any time if all Rent and charges are paid in full through the end of the Term (the end of the month) and Occupant notifies Owner of Occupant’s intent to vacate no less than Ten (10) days before the end of the Term.  Owner may terminate this Rental Agreement by giving Occupant Thirty (30) days written notice prior to the end of the Term.  Owner may give shorter termination notice for illegal activity by Occupant, or Occupant’s guests at the Facility, or if Occupant’s Storage Space becomes infested, if Occupant or Occupant’s guests or invitees are interfering with the Owner’s operation of the Facility, or if Occupant, or Occupant’s guests are residing in the Storage Space. No refunds of partial months are made if Occupant vacates the Storage Space before the end of the Term. The Storage Space shall be left broom clean, free of trash, Occupant shall remove all Personal Property (or Rent will continue to accrue), and the Occupant’s lock must be removed. Keeping Occupant’s lock on the Storage Space or keeping any Personal Property in the Storage Space past the end of any Term shall result in another month of Rent being charged, no matter how early Occupant vacates in the next month.  Occupant shall fully vacate by the date stated in Occupant’s or Owner’s Notice.  Owner charges and Occupant is responsible for a Thirty Dollar ($30.00) per person, per hour charge for cleaning the Storage Space, minimum one (1) hour, plus costs including any disposal fees, if Owner must remove Personal Property and/or clean the Storage Space. 
6.	Other Charges and Fees:   Occupant is in Default if Rent is not paid by the First of each month, and any Rent accepted thereafter shall be at the sole discretion of the Owner.  If Occupant is in Default, the following fees shall be charged:
Default Fees
Late Fee (on the 5th day after Rent is due)	$20.00 each month Rent is late
Lock Cut & Inventory/Photos                   		  $75.00
Outsource Late and Lien Notices 		  $15.00
Advertisement of Sale	  	Actual Costs
Sale	  $10% of Sale Proceeds
Lien Sale Cancellation once posted online	  $20.00
Towing of Vehicle in Lieu of Sale                          	  $200.00
Other Charges &Fees
NSF/Returned Check Fee/Credit/debit Card declined or disputed                                        $35.00 + Applicable late fees + bank charges
Cleaning Fee (1 hour minimum)                                                                                    	$30.00 per hour + disposal fees
Lock Cut Fee (at Occupant’s request)                                                                             	$30.00 + must provide a new lock – must be present for lock cut
Eviction Notice/Filing Fee in Lieu of Sale                                                                      	$250.00 + court costs
	For the purpose of determining if Rent is paid on time, by mail, the date the payment is received at the Facility Address, not the postmark date is used. All payments of Rent are considered received on that business day (before 5:00 PM) not when the Rent is delivered or processed. Notwithstanding the date that other fees and charges are imposed, if Rent is not paid within Two (2) days of when due the Owner may begin enforcement of Owner’s lien against Occupant’s Personal Property.  Additionally, Owner may outsource the preparation and sending of late and lien notices in the event of Occupant Default.  In such instances, a lien notice outsourcing fee listed above shall be imposed on the date the late notice is sent. Occupant shall pay Owner all other costs and expenses incurred by Owner arising out of or related in any manner to a breach of this Rental Agreement particularly any charges incurred for enforcing the lien by Owner, Owner’s collection of any amount owed by the Occupant, or the exercise of any remedy by Owner upon a Default by Occupant (including the sale or other disposition of Occupant’s Personal Property) as permitted under this Rental Agreement or by law.  Owner may send unpaid balances to an outside collection agency and Occupant shall be liable for the outside collection agency fees and costs charged to Owner.  Occupant shall be liable to Owner for Owner’s attorney’s fees incurred in enforcing any of Owner’s rights or Occupant’s responsibilities under this Rental Agreement.  Occupant shall be liable to Owner for Owner’s attorney’s fees incurred in enforcing any of Owner’s rights or Occupant’s responsibilities under this Rental Agreement.  All payments received will be applied first to fees and charges due and owing, then to the oldest outstanding Rent obligation.
7.	Use of the Storage Space and Prohibited Storage:  Owner is not a warehouseman engaged in the business of storing goods for hire.  Owner shall have no obligation to exercise any care, custody or control over Occupant’s Personal Property. No bailment of Personal Property by Owner is intended or implied by this Rental Agreement. The Storage Space shall be used and occupied only for the storing of Personal Property owned by Occupant. All Personal Property stored by Occupant within the Storage Space shall be at Occupant’s sole risk.  Occupant shall not store antiques, artworks, heirlooms, collectibles or any Personal Property having special or sentimental value to Occupant. The Storage Space is not appropriate for storage of irreplaceable Personal Property such as books, writings, objects which have an unknown immediate resale market value. Occupant shall not store cash, cash equivalencies, and negotiable instruments or any other items that can be converted to money. Occupant waives any claim for emotional or sentimental attachment to Occupant’s Personal Property.  No Vehicles shall be parked in the drive aisles, except to load and unload.   Occupant shall keep the Storage Space in a clean and sanitary condition and free of rubbish, liquid waste or refuse. Occupant shall not make any additions or modification to the Storage Space and shall not drill into or attach anything to the walls, floor or ceiling of the Storage Space and shall not commit waste in the Storage Space. Firearms and ammunition are prohibited in the Storage Space or at the Facility.  Contraband of any kind is prohibited in the Storage Space or at the Facility.  Marijuana may not be used, stored or grown, even if Occupant has a prescription to use or permit to grow or sell marijuana. No storage or consumption of alcohol in the Storage Space at the Facility. No Personal Property shall be stored which can be affected by fluctuations in temperature or humidity in the Storage Space.  The Storage Space is to be used only for storage of Personal Property, not for exhibition, rehearsal Storage Space, for an audience, or any other activity that is not related to storage of Property. Occupant shall not use the Storage Space for the operation of any commercial, industrial, manufacturing or distribution business. Occupant shall not use the Storage Space for the use or storage of any food (without Owner’s written approval); animal feed (including seed); store or release any explosives; fireworks; highly flammable, dangerous, hazardous or toxic materials or substances (as defined below); noxious smelling items; items which emit a foul odor when exposed to moisture or are damaged by moisture; contraband or illegal substances; or for any unlawful purpose of any kind. Occupant shall not engage in any activity in the Storage Space which produces or releases such prohibited materials. Occupant shall not use the Storage Space  for storage of any fuel or other fuel oil, grease, or any other lubricant, tires or batteries, or any other accessories, except for such fuel, oil, grease, or other lubricant as may be contained in the operating parts of the items stored in the Storage Space  and in such case Occupant shall store the Personal Property with less than 1/8 tank of fuel in the tank and a drip pan or absorbent pad designed to absorb petroleum products under said item to retain any leaking fluids.  No propane or empty propane canisters may be stored in the Storage Space.  No fuel canisters shall be stored in the Storage Space.  A Vehicle Storage Addendum must be completed, accepted, and executed by Owner for any “titled” vehicle stored in the Storage Space.  Occupant shall not live or sleep in the Storage Space or Facility, nor shall animals be permitted to be stored in the Storage Space or Facility.  Occupant shall not use the Storage Space or Facility for the purpose of establishing or assigning a legal address in order to obtain an occupation license or other governmental permit, or business license, nor as a legal address for residential purposes.  
	Occupant shall further, not use or allow the Storage Space to be used for the release, storage, use, treatment, disposal or other handling of any hazardous substance without prior written consent of Owner.  The term “release” shall have the same meaning as ascribed to it in the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 9602, et seq., as amended, (“CERCLA”).  The term “hazardous substance” means:	
		i.	Any substance defined as a “hazardous substance” under CERCLA;
		ii.	Petroleum, petroleum products, natural fuel, natural fuel liquids, liquefied natural fuel and synthetic fuel, and;
		iii.	Any other substance or material deemed to be hazardous, dangerous, toxic, or a pollutant under any federal, state or local law, code, ordinance or regulation.
8.	Limitation on Value of Personal Property:  Occupant agrees not to store Personal Property in the Storage Space with a total value in excess of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) the “Value Limit” without the prior written permission of the Owner.  If such written permission is not obtained, the value of Personal Property shall be deemed not to exceed the Value Limit.  By this Rental Agreement, Owner is generally not liable for the loss of Occupant’s Personal Property.  In the event any competent court of law adjudicates Owner liable for any loss, for any reason, damages shall be limited as described in the next Paragraph.  This provision shall not constitute an admission that Occupant’s Personal Property has any value whatsoever. Higher value limits may be available from Owner for additional consideration if so requested by Occupant in writing to Owner within a reasonable period of time after the commencement of the Rental Agreement, see Owner for details.
	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Rental Agreement or any Addendum which seeks to modify the limit of value of Personal Property stored, in no event will Owner or Owner’s agents be liable to Occupant or Occupant’s agents for an amount in excess of the Value Limit, for any loss or damage whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the active or passive acts, the omissions or negligence of Owner or Owner’s agents.  Occupant will not sue Owner or Owner’s agents with respect to any claim, cause or action, loss, or injury to the extent liability therefore has been limited or eliminated pursuant to this Provision.  So long as Occupant complies with the requirements of Provisions 8 and 9, Owner does not concern itself with the type, quantity, or quality of the Personal Property stored. 
9.	Damages:  Occupant shall be responsible to Owner for the costs of repair, clean-up, and replacement for any damages caused as a result of Occupant’s storage in the Storage Space, use of the Storage Space, or use of the common areas of the Facility including damage to other occupant’s Personal Property or other occupants’ vehicles.  In the event Owner invoices Occupant for any charges for repairs, clean-up, replacement, or other damages suffered, Occupant shall pay the invoice within Ten (10) days or it shall become Additional Rent due and payable with the next month’s Rent. The failure to pay such invoice represents a Default under this Agreement.  This Provision and the requirement to pay for any damages shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
10.	Insurance and Security Type Systems: Occupant agrees, at Occupant’s sole expense, to maintain contents insurance on all Personal Property stored in the Storage Space with actual cash value coverage against all perils, fire, extended coverage, endorsement, burglary, vandalism, and malicious mischief. Occupant is required to provide proof of insurance at the time of the signing of the Rental Agreement or Owner shall enroll Occupant in an insurance policy offered by Owner, at the Two Thousand Dollar ($2,000.00) level of coverage, which premium for insurance shall be paid with Rent.    Occupant is advised to review the Terms, Conditions and Exclusions of the insurance policy offered by Owner.  Occupant’s failure to maintain such insurance shall also mean that Occupant shall assume all risk of loss or damage which occurs, commonly referred to as “self-insured”. Owner employs certain measures to protect Owner’s Personal Property referred to as “Security Type Systems.”  The operation or failure of any type of Security Type System installed by Owner shall not change Owner’s aforementioned liability for any type of loss incurred by Occupant and shall in no way release Occupant from Occupant’s obligation of insuring Occupant’s Personal Property.  These Security Type Systems may include lighting, coded gate access, fences, cameras and razor wire. Check with the Facility Manager for the features available at this location.  Occupant acknowledges that these Security Type Systems are for the protection of the Facility as a whole and not the individual Storage Space. Video cameras, if any, may not be recorded or may not be continuously recording at all times. These Security Type Systems may not operate properly in the event of a mechanical, electrical, or software failure. Cameras and other systems should not be relied on to provide additional security for the Personal Property or the Occupant when using the Storage Space.
11.	Access: Occupant’s access to the Storage Space and the Facility may be limited as reasonably deemed necessary by Owner, including, but not limited to, requiring identification from Occupant, limiting hours of operation, or requiring Occupant to sign-in and sign-out upon entering and leaving the Facility, including the temporary closure of portions or all of the Facility for adverse weather conditions, Emergencies, catastrophes, power outages, evacuation orders, or repairs, maintenance, and any other reasons deemed necessary  by Owner. These denials of access shall not represent an Event of Default by Owner or the Facility.  Owner may change the regular times and methods of access to the Facility with Thirty (30) days written notice posted at the entry of the Facility or the Facility Office, or Owner’s website, or mailed to Occupant.  In the event of an Emergency or catastrophe at or around the Facility, Owner may require Occupant enter only when escorted by Owner’s employees or agents or Owner may deny access to the Storage Space and Facility.  Owner shall not be liable for Occupant’s inability to enter the Facility or Storage Space as a result of any power outage, hardware or software failure, or errors in use of any access control system by Occupant.
12.	Temperature Control: Ohio law does not define the term “Climate Controlled” or “Temperature Controlled”. Owner in various materials, including advertising, may refer to the Storage Space as Climate Controlled.  Owner does not control the climate and only controls the temperature of the building containing the Storage Space.  This Provision defines the responsibilities of Owner for providing temperature control to the Storage Space. This Provision and the responsibility to provide temperature control applies only if so indicated as a Temperature Controlled Storage Space in the Summary of Terms and Conditions section.  Owner provides both heating and air conditioning to the building containing the Storage Space.  It is agreed that Owner shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain a temperature in the building containing the Temperature Controlled Storage Space by heating to no less than Forty Five degrees (45°) Fahrenheit in the Winter and by cooling the Storage Space to no more than Eighty Two degrees (82°) Fahrenheit in the Summer. Occupant recognizes that under certain circumstances including, but not exclusively, mechanical failure, material shortages, electrical or other utility blackouts, brownouts, or other failures, acts of God, labor or materials shortages, strikes, malicious mischief, and extreme weather conditions, that the temperature may deviate from the desired temperature minimum or maximum and Occupant understands that heating and air conditioning systems and their power sources are not redundant.  Further, the temperature in the building containing the Storage Space may vary from the actual temperature of the Storage Space.  Occupant agrees to release Owner from any and all liability arising from any such failure of the heating and air conditioning systems which occur as a result of a failure outside of Owner’s direct control.
13.	Humidity in the Storage Space: Owner does not represent that the Storage Space is humidity controlled and does not warrant or represent that a minimum or maximum humidity will be maintained at any time during the term.
14.	Mold:  Occupant understands that there is a risk of the growth of mold and/or mildew on Occupant’s Personal Property in any Storage Space rented.  Owner does not warrant the Storage Space to be water-tight or dry. Owner shall not be liable and is hereby released from liability for mold on Occupant’s Personal Property from whatever source and no matter how it occurs. Occupant shall take whatever steps are necessary, including those listed in this Provision, to protect against and prevent mold on their Personal Property. Mold is a naturally-occurring substance and it is possible to have mold appear or grow on Occupant’s Personal Property.  To help avoid mold, Owner recommends storing Personal Property off the concrete floor, such as on pallets or shelves (do not attach to the Storage Space), wrapping certain Personal Property in plastic and keeping goods susceptible to mold from touching the walls of the Storage Space.  Occupant understands that any Personal Property brought into the Storage Space that is damp or wet will likely grow mold or mildew because of its wet or damp condition when brought into the Storage Space. Occupant shall periodically inspect the Storage Space and the Personal Property and take any and all actions necessary to protect Occupant’s Personal Property from mold/mildew.
15.	Locked Storage Space; Storage Occupant’s Risk; Abandonment:   Occupant is required to keep the Storage Space locked using a lock deemed by Occupant to be suitable for the function of self-service storage.  Owner strongly recommends Occupant use a disc lock.  Owner may provide a disc lock for no additional charge at the signing of this Rental Agreement. If a lock is provided, Occupant may use any other disc lock desired.  Owner shall not be required to provide another lock if the original lock becomes defeated, removed, lost, cut or defective. Owner does not maintain a key to any lock used by Occupant. Occupant shall lock the Storage Space at all times except when accessing the Storage Space.  Occupant shall not use any hasp or sliding device for an additional lock, the second hasp, if any, is reserved for Owner’s use.  Any additional lock on the Storage Space shall be removed and Owner shall charge a Thirty ($30.00) Dollar lock removal charge. If a lock is removed as a result of a Default by Occupant, or if Owner finds an occupied Storage Space without a lock or incorrectly locked, if a lock is removed for an inventory or sale, or if a lock is removed or in Emergency or non-Emergency entry, or for any other reason described in this Rental Agreement, Owner will notify Occupant, and Owner may, but is not required to, lock the Storage Space with Owner’s lock at Occupant’s expense.  If Owner chooses to re-secure the Storage Space, and Occupant does not replace the lock, then after Five (5) days, Owner shall put a new lock on the Storage Space and charge Occupant’s account for the lock at prevailing charges.  The keys will be mailed to Occupant’s last known address. If the Storage Space is not locked, Occupant is delinquent in Rent, and Owner determines the items contained in the Storage Space have no marketable value (under $100.00) Owner may consider the Storage Space abandoned and dispose or sell any or all Personal Property in the Storage Space. 
16.	Release of Liability: Occupant releases Owner, Owner’s employees, agents, successors, and assigns from any and all liability for Personal Property damage or loss of Personal Property; for damage or loss from, as examples, fire, water, the elements, mold or mildew, Acts of God, theft, burglary, vandalism, malicious mischief, mysterious disappearance, and rodent damage; or the acts or failure to act or negligence of Owner, Owner’s employees, or agents.  
	Occupant further releases Owner, Owner’s employees, agents, successors, and assigns from any and all liability for personal injuries or death to persons including Occupant and Occupant’s family or invitees arising out of Occupants use of the Storage Space and Facility. 
	Occupant understands that this Release of Owner’s liability is a bargained for condition of this Rental Agreement and Owner’s consent to enter into this Rental Agreement, and that if Owner were not released from the liability as set forth in Provisions 16 and 17, a much higher Rent would have to be agreed upon or Owner would not enter into this Rental Agreement.  
17.	Indemnification; Subrogation:  Occupant agrees to waive and have Occupant’s insurer waive any right of subrogation of any claim of Occupant against Owner, its employees, or agents.  Occupant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Owner harmless from any and all loss, claim, demands, damage, liability, expense, fines or penalties arising out of or related in any manner to such foregoing injuries, death or losses to person or Personal Property, or damages to Occupant’s Personal Property however occurring, or arising out of or related to the use of the Storage Space and Facility by Occupant, Occupant’s invitees, and guests, or to any breach of this Rental Agreement by Occupant, Occupant’s invitees, or guests. Occupant shall also pay Owner for all of Owner’s attorney fees incurred in enforcing any obligation under this Provision #17. Occupant’s obligation to indemnify Owner specifically applies to any violation by Occupant of the Owner’s environmental conditions and restrictions resulting in damages caused by Occupant, its invitees or guests, regardless of any negligence on the part of Occupant.
18.	Owner May Enter:   Owner, and Owner’s employees or agents and the representatives of any governmental or quasi-governmental authority, including police and fire officials, shall have the right to remove Occupant’s lock and enter the Storage Space, without notice to Occupant, to take such action as may be necessary to preserve Owner’s Personal Property in the event of an Emergency, or to immediately comply with any applicable law, governmental or court order, warrant, subpoena, or to enforce any of Owner’s rights.  For the purposes of this Rental Agreement, “Emergency” shall be defined as any event which jeopardizes the health, safety, and/or well-being of any person or of the Facility or any of the buildings or the land appurtenant to the buildings or any other personal property stored at the Facility.  Owner shall further have the right, on a non-emergency basis, to remove Occupant’s lock and enter the Storage Space with reasonable notice to Occupant to make any repairs, replacements, other desirable improvements or conduct any inspections of Owner’s Personal Property (the “Work”).  Owner will endeavor to give a minimum of three days notice to Occupant of the Work and, if Occupant is available, will schedule an appointment with Occupant to remove Occupant’s lock to allow the Work.  If Occupant is unavailable or unable to provide Owner access, Owner may cut or remove and replace the lock after the Work has been completed with a lock of similar or better quality and the keys shall be sent as described in Provision 15. Occupant is notified that Owner complies with all search warrants and subpoenas for Occupant information.
19.	Responsibility to Inspect the Storage Space.  Occupant shall immediately notify Owner should Occupant become aware of any noxious odors, sounds, or other conditions, including without limitation, the presence of any mold or similar condition in Occupant’s Storage Space or emanating spreading from or through any other the Storage Space.  Upon receipt of such notification, or should Owner become aware of such conditions, Owner may, notwithstanding anything to the contrary to this Agreement, enter Occupant’s Storage Space  without notice to make any such necessary inspection, repair, or alteration.  Should any such conditions result from Occupant’s use of the Storage Space or from a breach by Occupant of the terms of this Agreement, all costs and expenses incurred by Owner in addressing such conditions shall be paid by Occupant on demand and if not paid, shall become Additional Rent. Further, Occupant has inspected the Storage Space and this Rental Agreement and agrees that the Storage Space number provided on the Rental Agreement matches the Storage Space number on the door or wall of the Storage Space rented and inspected by Occupant.
20.	Owner’s Lien:  The Owner of a Self-Service Storage Facility has a lien on the Personal Property stored pursuant to this Rental Agreement in the Storage Space at the Self-Service Storage Facility, or on the proceeds of the Personal Property for Rent, Labor, or other charges in Relation to the Personal Property that are specified in this Rental Agreement and that have become due, and for expenses necessary for the preservation of the Personal Property, for Expenses reasonably incurred in the sale or other disposition of Personal Property pursuant to law. 
	Explanation: The Occupant’s Property may be sold or otherwise disposed of if Occupant Defaults in any of its obligations, particularly the obligation to pay Rent and other charges on time and in full; under this Rental Agreement.
21.	Defaults; Owner Remedies:  If Occupant breaches any term or condition of this Rental Agreement (a “Default”), Owner in addition to such other rights it may have under this Rental Agreement and law shall have the right to terminate this Rental Agreement.  If Occupant fails to pay any Rent or other charges when due or if the Rental Agreement is terminated by Owner for cause, Owner may: (i) deactivate the gate access; (ii) overlock or otherwise place a device to prevent Occupant’s access to the Storage Space, once Occupant is in Default for at least Two (2) days, even though a late fee may not yet have been imposed and the placement of Owner’s overlock or other deactivation device, along with any written notice sent to Occupant, shall serve as constructive notice that Owner has not received Rent from Occupant for the current term; (iii) remove Occupant’s lock and access the Storage Space; however, rent and other charges shall continue to accrue after overlock or lock removal until the Storage Space  is sold or Occupant cures the Default; (iv) inventory and/or take possession if desired, of the Personal Property located in the Storage Space; (v) sell or dispose of the Personal Property in the Storage Space as permitted by law; or (vi) pursue any and all remedies available, at law or equity, including a forcible entry and detainer action against Occupant.  The act of overlocking/denying access or removing Occupant’s lock shall not constitute an election of a remedy by Owner, and shall not constitute Owner taking possession of, or a bailment over, the Personal Property. The obligation to pay Rent and other charges shall not be terminated by the overlock or lock removal. If Occupant is in Default and is overlocked or if the lock is cut and replaced with Owner’s lock, Owner is not required to remove the overlock or take off Owner’s lock (after lock cut) until up to Three (3) business days after payment has been made in full. Occupant may pay for a faster overlock removal if it is necessary, for a fee to be paid upon request.  Owner reserves the right not to remove its replacement lock until Occupant is present and replaces the lock with Occupant’s own new lock, or Owner in its sole discretion can remove its lock leaving the Storage Space unlocked. In any case Owner shall not be liable to Occupant for any damages Occupant suffers as a result of not being able to get access to the Storage Space after late payment arising from failure to immediately remove Owner’s lock or overlock. In the event of Default, Occupant forfeits any concessions received and rent for the Storage Space shall automatically increase to the current market rate.
	All remedies available to Owner shall be cumulative and the exercise of one or more remedies shall not exclude or waive Owner’s rights as to any other remedy.
22.	Notices:  Except as otherwise required by law, all notices under this Rental Agreement from Owner to Occupant shall be mailed by first class U.S. mail, postage pre-paid, to Occupant’s last known address, or e-mailed to the e-mail address provided by Occupant in the Terms and Conditions and shall be conclusively presumed to have been received by Occupant Three (3) business days after mailing, or upon emailing.  All notices from Occupant to Owner shall be mailed by first class U.S. mail, postage pre-paid, to Owner, at the Office Mailing Address listed on the first page of this Rental Agreement. Occupant is responsible for notifying Owner in writing, via certified mail return receipt requested to the Facility Address; or via a nationally recognized overnight carrier with signature confirmation; or via Owner’s secure website; or in person, on a form prescribed by Owner by appointment only, of any change in Occupant’s address, email address, or of intent to vacate at the end of the Term.
23.	Partial Payments or Payment in the Event of Default:   Partial payments shall not be accepted.  
24.	Assignment and Subletting:  Occupant may not assign its rights under this Rental Agreement or sublet the Storage Space without the prior written consent of Owner.  Owner may assign this Rental Agreement and upon assignment Owner shall be released from all obligations to Occupant under this Rental Agreement.  This Rental Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, assigns, executors, administrators, representatives and successors of the parties hereto.
25.	Governing Law; Jury Trial; Severability:  This Rental Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.  Owner and Occupant agree to waive their respective rights to trial by jury of any cause of action, claim, counterclaim or cross complaint in any action arising out of or connected in any manner with this Rental Agreement, including any action for bodily injury, death or Personal Property damage.  Owner and Occupant further agree that the Federal or State courts in Ohio where the Facility is located shall have exclusive jurisdiction for any litigation related to this Rental Agreement.  If any part or provision of this Rental Agreement is determined to be unenforceable by a court of law, the parties agree that all remaining parts or provisions of this Rental Agreement shall remain in effect and be valid and enforceable.
26.	Entire Agreement:  This Rental Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any and all prior oral or written representations or agreements and may be modified only in a writing signed by Occupant and Owner.  The pre-printed terms of this Rental Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by the General Manager of the Facility.
27.	Counterparts, Headings and Gender:  This Rental Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and when taken together shall constitute one Rental Agreement.  The headings in this Rental Agreement are for the convenience of both parties.  In the event of any conflict between the heading and the language of the term, the language of the term shall control.  Whenever the context so indicates the masculine, feminine or neuter gender and the singular or plural number shall be deemed to include the others.
28.	Agreement to Mediate:  Realizing that in Self-Storage relationships there is always a possibility of differences of opinion or other disagreements and that what is most important is to resolve any disputes amicably, quickly, inexpensively and professionally and to return to business as soon as possible, it is with that spirit of cooperation that Owner and Occupant pledge to resolve differences and to use the procedures specified in this Rental Agreement.  Therefore, Owner and Occupant agree as follows: with the exception of non-payment of Occupant’s Rent and Owner’s right to conduct a lien sale, declare an abandonment, tow any vehicle stored;  evict as a result of Default under this Rental Agreement, or apply the security deposit, if any; that any litigation, claim, dispute, suit, action, controversy, proceeding or otherwise (“Excluded Claims”); between or involving Owner and Occupant, whether arising out of or relating in any way to this Rental Agreement and/or any other document, any alleged breach of any duty,  or otherwise, before commencing any litigation,  will be submitted to non-binding mediation for a minimum of eight hours before any mediation organization approved by Owner  and Occupant located within Fifteen (15) miles of the Facility. In the mediation, Owner and Occupant shall each be represented by an individual authorized to make binding commitments on their respective behalves and may be represented by counsel. In addition, Owner and Occupant may, with permission of the mediator, bring such additional persons as are needed to respond to questions, contribute information and participate in the negotiations. The fees and expenses of the mediator and/or mediation organization shall be shared equally by Owner and Occupant.  The mediator shall be disqualified as a witness, consultant, expert or counsel for any party with respect to the dispute and any related matters.
29.	Agreement to Arbitrate:  In the event the parties are unable to resolve any dispute by mediation, the parties agree that such claims shall then be resolved by final and binding arbitration in front of a single mutually agreeable arbitrator as administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its applicable arbitration rules for expedited arbitration. Arbitration of any claim between the parties shall be governed under the Federal Arbitration Act of 1925.  The parties further agree that the election to resolve disputes by mandatory arbitration is a fair, appropriate, and a negotiated remedy to resolve the dispute, that the parties agree and understand that the ownership of the Facility and its management may be located in a state different from the state in which the Facility is located, and due to the interstate nature of the relationship between the parties and the fact that both parties are assuming risks, that the mandatory arbitration requirement is necessary.  The election by either party for binding arbitration, shall be in writing and shall be served on the other party in the manner prescribed in this Rental Agreement for the giving of notices.  All such arbitration proceedings shall take place at such location within Twenty (20) miles of the Facility.  Each party shall bear its own costs and fees, including travel expenses, out-of-pocket expenses (including, but not limited to, copying and telephone), witness fees, and attorneys fees and expenses.  The fees and expenses of the arbitrator, and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the arbitration, shall be shared and borne equally by the Occupant and Owner.
30.	Class Action Waiver:  Any dispute, claim, demand, action, proceeding, or cause of action of any kind  or nature whatsoever between Occupant and Owner, whether for damages or for injunctive or other legal, equitable, or other relief, whether arising under federal, state, local, common, statutory, regulatory, constitutional, or other law shall only be in the Owner's and/or Occupant individual capacity, and not as a class action plaintiff or any class representative or member in any purported class, collective, or other similar proceeding (herein class action, purported class, collective and other similar action shall be collectively referred to as "Class Action"). Owner and Occupant expressly waive any right and/or ability to maintain or in any way to be part of any Class Action in any forum between and among Owner and Occupant. With respect to any such claim that is subject to the above arbitration provisions, the arbitrator shall not have authority to combine or aggregate similar claims, permit, hear, determine or resolve any Class Action, nor shall the arbitrator make an award to any person or entity other than to Owner and/or Occupant and solely in each of the respective individual capacities of Owner and Occupant. Any claim that all or any part of these arbitration agreement and Class Action waiver provisions are unenforceable, unconscionable, void, or voidable shall be determined solely by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The arbitration agreement and Class Action waiver provisions shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Owner and Occupant each understand and Owner and Occupant each expressly acknowledge that each of them would have and/or may have had a right to litigate any and all claims between and among each of them through a court, to have a judge or jury decide their case(s), and/or that each of them could have been or may be a party to a Class Action. 
31.	Owner’s Employees: In the event Occupant requests any of Owner’s employees to perform any services for Occupant, it shall be done at Occupant’s own risk as Occupant’s agent, regardless of whether payment is made for said service(s).  Occupant agrees to release, hold harmless and indemnify Owner for any loss, charge or injury Occupant may suffer related to the use of Owner’s employees. Occupant further agrees that Occupant’s interactions with Owner’s employees will be respectful and courteous. Any foul or abusive language or threatening behavior directed toward any employees or Owner shall be grounds for immediate termination of the Rental Agreement by Owner.
32. 	Warranty of Information:  Occupant warrants all information given in this Rental Agreement or any application preceding this Rental Agreement is complete, true and accurate at the time of this Rental Agreement.
33.	Occupant’s Acceptance of the Storage Space “AS IS”.  Occupant inspected or had the right to inspect the Storage Space and Facility before signing this Rental Agreement and finds the Storage Space to be suitable for the purpose for which Occupant rents such Storage Space and accepts the same “as is.”  Owner makes no express warranties.  Owner disclaims and Occupant waives all implied warranties, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose to the fullest extent permitted by law.  Occupant acknowledges that Owner’s Agents have no authority to make warranties, express or implied.
34.	Pest Control:  Occupant is advised that Owner may use chemicals at the Facility including around the Storage Space, for pest control.  For this reason, no pets are allowed, except for service and companion animals which shall remain on a leash or inside Occupant’s vehicle at all times. Occupant is solely responsible for arranging, setting, and monitoring and disposing of any pest control devices within the Storage Space. Occupant is advised to provide, set, maintain, and regularly remove, if necessary, any insect or rodent attraction/repellant/trap devices that Occupant deems necessary to protect its Personal Property from loss or damage due to insect or rodent infestations. The only extermination provided by Owner, if at all, is in common areas other than the Storage Space.
35.	Permission to Call, Fax, Use Social Media, Text and/or E-Mail: Occupant recognizes Owner and Occupant are entering into a business relationship at the Facility.  As such, to the extent any federal or state law prohibits Owner from contacting Occupant by phone, fax, text, or e-mail, Occupant hereby consents to Owner phoning, faxing, contacting via social media, texting, and e-mailing Occupant and that these communications are related to the business relationship. Occupant further gives Owner permission to send text messages to Occupant’s provided cell phone number for the purposes of notifying Occupant of conditions involving the Facility or Storage Space, including but not exclusively, late rent and other default issues, unless otherwise prohibited by law. Further, Occupant consents to Owner sending notices by email, including notices involving the operations of the Facility and unless prohibited by law; notices of Default.  For this reason, Occupant agrees to keep a current email address of record with the Owner and to notify Owner of any change in Occupant’s email address.
36.	The Storage Space:  By signing this Agreement Occupant acknowledges that neither Owner, nor any employee of Owner or any other person acting on Owner’s behalf, has made any representation to Occupant as to the size (square footage or cubic footage) or dimensions (length, width or height) of the Storage Space, and Occupant acknowledges and agrees to the following:  (a) that, prior to signing, Occupant was given the opportunity to measure the dimensions of the Storage Space;  (b) that Occupant is satisfied therewith, whether or not Occupant measured the Storage Space; (c) that Occupant agrees to pay the Rent stated herein regardless of the actual size or dimensions of the Storage Space; (d) that Occupant hereby waives any and all right to bring any civil action, or other judicial or non-judicial proceeding, or to join, or participate in, any such proceeding brought by any other person, against Owner based on assertions that any difference exists between the actual size, or dimensions, of the Storage Space, and the size, or dimensions, thereof as Occupant believed existed at the time Occupant signed this Agreement; and  (e) that Occupant hereby fully, and forever, Release and Discharge Owner from any, and all liability for damages, and all other types of relief, to which Occupant otherwise would have had the right to obtain but for Occupant’s having agreed to the terms of this Provision and the Waiver and Release contained herein. 
37.	Snow Removal: Owner, in the event of snow, only clears the common drives and parking lots, any snow or ice in front of the Storage Space is Occupant’s responsibility to remove.  Owner does not plow unless the snowfall is at least Three (3) inches.  Occupant is advised that by clearing snow or ice, Owner may create un-natural accumulations of snow or ice (such as piles of snow off the side of a snow plow), which are slippery and which Occupant must clear or step over to access the Storage Space.  Further, Owner does not begin plowing operations until the snow fall has ended.  Owner does not warrant at any time that all snow and ice will be removed or completely clear.  During snowfalls, if conditions are not deemed safe by Owner to allow Occupant on to the Facility, such access will be denied.  The Owner plows drive aisles, unless the drive aisle is gravel, at the Facility to within no less than Twenty (20) inches from the door to the Storage Space or the access door to the building containing the Storage Space.  Occupant understands that the act of plowing will result in additional snow being placed within the area between the plowing site and the door to the Storage Space and that it is Occupant’s responsibility to either safely remove the snow or ice between the plowed area of the drive aisle and the Storage Space, and to use extreme caution when crossing over the untreated area of the drive aisle between the plowing area and the door to the Storage Space, even if unnatural accumulations of snow or ice are placed in such area.
38.		Carts:  Carts (“Cart”), if available at location, are provided for the convenience of the Occupant and are available in the Temperature Controlled building hallway, on a first-come, first-serve basis. Occupant agrees to properly use the Cart in the manner for which they were intended, including but not exclusively, loading no more than 600 lbs. of materials or property on the Cart at any one time, not stacking property higher than 3 feet high on the Cart, and ensuring that the property placed on the Cart does not exceed the width of the Cart by more than 2 feet total.  Carts are provided to Occupant solely as a courtesy, and may be out of order or Cart service may be Terminated at any time without said Termination representing a Default under the Rental Agreement.  As such, Carts are used solely at Occupant’s own risk.  Occupant releases, holds harmless, and agrees to indemnify Owner from any damage Occupant may suffer as a result of the use of the Cart and/or for personal injury Occupant suffers as a result of use or misuse of the Cart whether or not Occupant’s actions were negligent in the use of the Cart.
39.	Loitering: The purpose of this Rental Agreement is for renting Storage Space for the storage of Personal Property. It is agreed that in general there is no reason for Occupant to be at the Facility or in the Storage Space at any time for more than Three (3) consecutive hours. If Occupant, Occupant’s guests, or invitees are in the Storage Space or at the Facility for more than Three (3) hours a day, this shall be grounds for immediate termination of occupancy.
40.	Rules and Regulation:  The Rules and Regulation of this Facility are incorporated herein and made a part of this Monthly Rental Agreement as if fully re-written herein.  The Rules and Regulations can be changed with Ten (10) days notice as described in the Rules and Regulations, without regard for the term of this Agreement, so long as the revised Rules and Regulations apply to all Occupants and are made for the appropriate and efficient operation of the Facility.
41.	Exclusion of all Warranties:  The agents and employees of Owner are not authorized to make warranties about the Storage Space and the Facility referred to in this Rental Agreement. ORAL STATEMENTS BY OWNER’S AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES DO NOT CONSTITUTE WARRANTIES such statements shall not be relied upon by the Occupant and are not part of this Rental Agreement.  The parties hereto agree that the IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE and all other warranties, expressed or implied, ARE EXCLUDED from this transaction and shall not apply to the Storage Space and the Facility, and that Occupant accepts such Storage Space and access to the Facility AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS. 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges that he/she has read and understands this Rental Agreement in its entirety (Six pages) and agree(s) to be bound by its terms and conditions.

If this Rental Agreement is executed by the Occupant via a computer generated acknowledgment service, ("Electronic Signature") then Occupant agrees that: Occupant has read and agrees to the terms of the Electronic Signature provider; and agrees that by affixing Occupant's Electronic Signature to this Rental Agreement by checking the box below and any Addendum, including initials on any provision, if applicable, this Electronic Signature shall bind Occupant and be of the same quality as if Occupant had signed or initialed the documents in person, in the presence of a Facility employee. 
